Doc/687 documentation organize page (#720)
it-at-m/refarch-templates: docs/organize.md

Reviewer: I think we should talk about the order of the sections again. I guess we should sort them from most important to least important. 😄

# Organize

The following explains the currently used
practices and recommendations for organizing
your projects in GitHub.

## Labeling

Labels are used for various purposes. Each project uses
different labels, such as `frontend`, to help
differentiate them.

Additionally, labels indicate the priority of
issues, for example, `Medium`. There are also labels
that specify the type of issue, like
`Documentation`.

We highly recommend using labels to maintain a
clear structure. You can view all current labels
[here](https://github.com/it-at-m/refarch-templates/labels).

These labels are also utilized for [Automatic
Labeling](#automatic-labeling).

## Issue Templates

Issue templates are essential for the project.
They streamline the process of reporting bugs,
requesting features, or providing feedback.

These templates guide contributors in sharing
relevant information, ensuring clarity and
improving communication. Using them enhances
collaboration and creates a more efficient
development process.

Currently, there are four types of issue templates
available for use. You can find the code for these
templates in the `.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE` folder.

> 

Reviewer: I'd add a list of of the templates here and not use subheadings for it. e.g.
- **Bug report**: Report a bug to help the project improve
- ...

If needed, you can extend or remove any templates.
Out of the box, issues created with one of the
templates will be automatically labeled.

### Bug Report

Report a bug to help the project improve.

### Feature request

Suggest an idea or possible new feature for this project.

### Maintenance work

Suggest useful or required maintenance work for this project.

### Documentation change

Suggest a documentation change for this project.

## GitHub Projects

For the Refarch, we currently use
[GitHub Projects](https://docs.github.com/de/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/learning-about-projects/about-projects)
for project management.

It is best suited for smaller projects that do
not require extensive project management and
have fewer stakeholders.

If you have a larger project with more
stakeholders, we recommend using more
comprehensive solutions like Jira.

> ## Code of Conduct

Reviewer: Maybe we should move this over to the document page?

> The Code of Conduct is a crucial part of our
> project's documentation. It outlines expected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Code of Conduct (which can be found in `.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`) outlines expected
```

behaviors to ensure a respectful and inclusive
environment for all contributors.

This document promotes collaboration by
addressing harassment and discrimination,
fostering a culture where everyone feels safe
and valued.

By adhering to this Code, we enhance our
collective efforts and encourage diverse

> perspectives.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
perspectives.

More information about the Code of Conduct can be found in the official [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-code-of-conduct-to-your-project).
```

## License

The license included in our GitHub project is a
legal document that defines how the project's code
and assets can be used, modified, and shared.

It clarifies the rights and responsibilities of
both contributors and users, promoting transparency
and encouraging collaboration.

By specifying usage terms, the license protects
the authors' intellectual property while fostering
an open-source culture. This ensures that everyone
understands how to engage with the project
responsibly.

By default, all LHM projects are licensed under

> MIT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).
```

## Welcome Bot

For new contributors who create their first issue, open their first
PR, or merge their first PR, we use a welcome bot to appreciate their
contributions. The configuration for the bot is inside

> `.github/config.yml` and can be modified if need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.github/config.yml` and can be modified if needed.
```
